# Entry 3
##### 2/06/2023

I have been tinkering with my tool by fixing errors, and adding a new blocks and spikes to make my game more intersting and make it look like a real game. adding the new blocks was very difficult. The first error I encountered was them not loading in to the game. this happened from from a simple mistake is that I didn't write the right path for the computer to go to get the images and add them in the game. The first probelem was the image being too big for the game so you can't see the sprite being in the game because of the big blocks, the sprite would also just go right through the blocks. So I thought to myself and asked "how can I find the right proportions for the game to handle and for me to see my game character to walk." so then I came up with a idea. I download my game character and see how big it is. I then made all my blocks with same height and and width. This fixed my probelm for some of the images. For some reason the images I downloaded I couldn't change the width and height so I got other images to fix that. After that I had to fix the problem of my game character falling through my blocks. I went to the kaboom website and and find what components I need for my game character not fall through. I saw the componect ``soild()`` this makes objects soild and not make stuff faill right through. I also needed to add a area comp as well for it to work as it says on the website. 

[Previous](entry02.md) | [Next](entry04.md)

[Home](../README.md)